Hey it's Angela here again.
And of course I'm here to congratulate you on completing yet another module. If you keep showing up like
this and if you keep just doing the work then I'm pretty sure you're going to get there and you're going
to be able to achieve those goals that you set out at the beginning of the course.
Now today I want to talk about a way of using sort of public judgment in your favor.
So the idea is that you know when you set out a goal for yourself and the only person that knows about
it is you,
it's very easy to say like ah, actually you know it doesn't really matter.
Like if I achieve it or not. Like I don't want to stress myself out too much it doesn't matter.
But if you actually declare it publicly
if you say to your friends like I am going to be able to build this thing that I want to build, I am
going to learn how to code, I am going to I don't know go to the gym every day,
then you have some accountability right? To other people not just yourself.
And I think as humans we find it much harder to deal with like public embarrassment or public scorn
when you declare that you're going to do something, like I'm going to quit smoking.
And then the next time they see you, you're like you know smoking away
it's-- it's much harder to do basically.
So one of the ways that you can use other people's help in motivating yourself is to just declare it
public.
Go on Facebook go on Twitter,
tell your friends like I am going to work one hour a day on learning how to code for 100 days and I'm
going to check in every day and post my progress.
In fact a lot of people already do this.
And so if you hang on to Twitter and you look at the hashtags #codingnewbie and #100DaysOfCode, you'll
see a lot of people document their journey like everything that they've done during the hour and they
post every day so that a) they have a track record of what they've done every day to learn to code.
But also you have loads of people cheering you on, you know like, it's hard.
Everybody knows that it's hard and everybody who's going-- going through it together will try to help
you out.
So try to declare publicly your intention, your goal and then go onto Twitter and use those hashtags
#codingnewbie, #100DaysOfCode to try and reach out basically to a community of really encouraging people
who will be there alongside me telling you that you can do it.
And I think it's really really powerful when you can tap into that resource.
So have a go at that.